1/16/2019 Project Notes from 1 on 1 with T. Porter

# Priority 1
PCF / FDF Conversion 

## Roadmap:
(Complete)   Set up a meeting with the project manager, let her know we're officially kicking it off.
(In Process) Start initial scope with EMEA.
(In Process) Research the existing process, PCF files, where they come in, where are they loaded?
(TODO)       Build new Tier 1s for the FDF files.
(TODO)       Plumb those Tier 1s into the Tier 2. (PCF stuff will dry, die out over time)

Genesis of this project: when we send out our holdings to our APs they have to pull different files together to understand the different baskets and cash etc. They've been asking for a consolidated file for all this information. The ETF landscape has evolved over the last few years, it is more complex now. The PCF interface is not robust enough, we are trying to be the first firm to create a new standard for communicating fund information on ETFs. That is the FDF file, a richer set of information. 

Internally, we aim to decomission the PCF files. We consume them, so they know we're involved. We have a discretionary deadline, show that we are making progress, make sure we have adequately prioritized the work, that we are working on it, and a reasonable line in the sand that we can communicate with this project manager. 

# Priority 2
Marketshare work ... 

# Priority 3
FI Factor Extractor
Ton of DPs need to be written

# What to focus on and keep up:
Organization, keep it organized, detail-oriented
Communication cadence on what is coming, earlier to engage Ross and Steve, what is coming

# 1/24/19 Notes from first meeting with Carla
Without FDF, they use other files including the PCF (supplementary files)

Heard of Non Basket Report in US (Excluded Report in EMEA). Excluded for various reasons, PCF contains the MUST deliver in and out to transact. The non basket shows assets not in basket, but two intwo togetehr you get a sense of what the fund actually holds. 

Current state: APs use multiple files, FDF use one file. Format is identical across every fund.

Project Global Equity FDF (FI is later down the road, not on single platform DIXIE yet)

PCF still coming in to 

filetransfer.blackrock.com

EMEA - one PCF file for each fund
US - one file for all

EMEA PCFs are still on, we still use it. Turned off some PCFs that go to BBG in EMEA. Turn off external PCF, everyone is on the FDF already. Keeping the PCF until all users have fully migrated to consum the FDF.


Not all FDF files are being placed in the same place. There is an EMEA spot, one file per fund. One spot for irish domiciled files, one for swiss. 

Publishing Time: might differ by the hour, published at the start of every market day. 6 AM EMEA time so that it is available for the APs on that trading date. In the US, PCF published in 4:30 PST, for the next trading day.

Contact people in APG, DIXIE team, John Chen and Grace. Ping grace over chat, on TIm's team, working on FDF conversion are you the right person. Questions about the file, mechanism. Grace Dapulano. 

Tier 1 - raw FDF file data
Tier 2 - enrichemnt, mapping, re-plugging


# 1/30/2019 Reach out to Grace / John


