First part of meeting, looked at where data may live. Dan mentioned looking at internal directories for potential sources (/PROJ, ...). Michael mentioned that we definitely want to be pulling from the same location as other market participants (e.g. if FAE or SAE are basing their alpha models on data that could be delayed, that is bad news)

2/5/19 Update: Amita shared that data will be stored in a different folder for each region in the same location

Started digging into the actual file.

- Fund Level | What does Baskets Outstanding mean? What is Fund LEI? Clearly define Share Class Apportionment. What is an Exposure Basket?
- Basket Level |
- Spreads |
- Allocation Details |
- Holdings: Securities | Get a better understanding of the three basket types presented (Deliverable Basket QTY, Pricing Basket QTY, Excluded Basket QTY.)
- Holdings: Synthetics | Include these as part of the Securities block in its future data product
- FX Rates | Do these apply to the fund or the basket level? How are these used and to what sections do these apply?
- FX Forwards |
- Swaps | 
- Disclaimers | 

Talk to somene in CM, jasmin huang, paul mcgouhg, evan mcguire, did you know they're putting this in the FDF, we'll be able to get it, would you see ay potential use for it, if so, we might do this first, bc small easy and novel, never had it before. Ryan Reiger (lives and breathes Creation and Redemption)

New Data Products

`etp_mkt_ishares_emea_eqy_fund`
`etp_mkt_ishares_emea_eqy_basket`
`etp_mkt_ishares_emea_eqy_spreads`
`etp_mkt_ishares_emea_eqy_allocations`
`etp_mkt_ishares_emea_eqy_constituents`
`etp_mkt_ishares_emea_eqy_fx`
`etp_mkt_ishares_emea_eqy_forwards`
`etp_mkt_ishares_emea_eqy_swaps`

`etp_mkt_ishares_fdf_eqy_fund`
`etp_mkt_ishares_fdf_eqy_basket`
`etp_mkt_ishares_fdf_eqy_spreads`
`etp_mkt_ishares_fdf_eqy_allocations`
`etp_mkt_ishares_fdf_eqy_position`
`etp_mkt_ishares_fdf_eqy_fx`
`etp_mkt_ishares_fdf_eqy_forwards`
`etp_mkt_ishares_fdf_eqy_swaps`

# 02/15/2019 Meeting
TODOs:

(COMPLETE) Add a link and summary to 'Areas of Expertise'.
(COMPLETE) Send Michael list of DP names for confirmation. (forwards and swaps)
From 02-15-2019 meeting, our understanding is that the files represent share class level information, not fund level information. Does what they mean by fund, actually mean share class. (Remember the image Michael drew)

Tim's Tips:
Don't call it a "fund" if it's a "shareclass". (e.g. IVV is a FUND, IVV US is a SHARECLASS, IVV AU is a SHARECLASS.)
Don't call it a "listing" if it's a "shareclass". (A listing is tied to / refers to an EXCHANGE. A SHARECLASS can exist on multiple exchanges. LISTINGS and each will have different price. For example, IVV US can be listed on multiple exchanges in the United States.)
Don't ask for the "sedol" of the "shareclass". (A shareclass can exist in multiple markets / locations / markets. Sedols define a market. A SHARECLASS can have multiple SEDOLS associated with it.)
Don't ask for the ISIN of the fund. (If a Fund has multiple shareclasses (e.g. IVV US & IVV AU) then the "FUND" does not have a single ISIN. ISIN is related to Shareclass, IVV US & IVV AU will have different ISINs.)

Example: think of motor vehicles. Think of Porsche 911, they sell it in certain markets (US, German, etc., Japanease) If they make a 911 for the japanese market, they have to do certain things to it, steering wheel. Still a 911 but different 911 in Germany or US. So each of those markets are a shareclass of the porsche 911. 

An analogy to help solidify this information:

Think of a beautiful Porsche 911.

They are sold in different ..

E.g. to sell IVV in Australia, you need to stify different requirements. New ISIN. That ISIN is associated to a  sedol (Australia sedol).

A listing is like a dealership, you can buy a porsche 911 in america at US, same thing.

Different Porsche 911s are like Share Classes.


VIN is kind of like an ISIN, 911, market, color, ... 

listings are like dealerships..

Primary Listing can change, it is a opinion based on source.

LSE owns SEDOL
S&P owns CUSIP
